[Enhancement] aws_codepipeline:  support for `Compute` action (#42507)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/42507.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/aws_codepipeline: Support for `Compute` action

Reviewer: nit - explicitly state the new argument names (`commands` and `output_artifacts_for_compute_action`).

It might also be worth a second entry that states `output_artifacts` and `output_artifacts_for_compute_action` now conflict.

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/aws_codepipeline: Added new arguments `commands` and 'output_artifacts_for_compute_action' to support 'Compute' action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_codepipeline: Add `stage.action.commands` and `stage.action.output_artifacts_for_compute_action` arguments to support Compute action types
```

```

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/aws_codepipeline: 'output_artifacts_for_compute_action' and 'output_artifacts' now conflict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_codepipeline: `stage.action.output_artifacts_for_compute_action` and `stage.action.output_artifacts` now conflict
```
